This concludes our lesson on conversion.
You learned how to set up goals in Google Analytics,
and how to evaluate the resulting conversion reports.
We also took a closer look at conversion funnels,
and you learned to use Google Analytics for e-commerce reporting.
You learned to evaluate shopping behavior using these e-commerce reports.
You know how to evaluate the influence of multiple channels in a conversion.
This also concludes our exploration of Google Analytics.
As I'm sure you now realize,
Google Analytics is a rich to read lots of possibilities for great analysis.
Every marketer should make use of these data to inform and evaluate their actions.